[ADD] Inventory: Add Replenish on order (MTO) (#4406)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/management/products/mto.rst

With the MTO route unarchived, products can now be properly configured to use Replenish on Order.
Begin by going to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Products --> Products`, then select an existing
product or click :guilabel:`Create` to configure a new one.

First, select the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab and enable the :guilabel:`Replenish on Order (MTO)`
route in the *Routes* section, along with one other route.

.. important::
   The Replenish on Order (MTO) route will not work unless another route is selected as well. This is
   because Odoo needs to know how to replenish the product when an order is placed for it (buy it,
   manufacture it, etc.).

.. image:: mto/select-routes.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Select the MTO route and a second route on the Inventory tab.

If the product will be purchased from a vendor to fulfill sales orders, enable the :guilabel:`Can be
Purchased` checkbox under the product name. This will make the :guilabel:`Purchase` tab appear
below. Select the tab and specify a :guilabel:`Vendor` and the :guilabel:`Price` they sell the
product for.

.. image:: mto/specify-vendor.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enable "Can be Purchased" and specify a vendor.

> If the product will be manufactured, click the :guilabel:`Bill of Materials` smart button at the top
> of the screen, then :guilabel:`Create` to configure a new Bill of Materials for the product. Add the
> components used to manufacture the product on the :guilabel:`Components` tab, along with the
> operations required for the manufacturing workflow on the :guilabel:`Operations` tab. Finally, click
> :guilabel:`Save` to save the Bill of Materials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the product is manufactured, click the :guilabel:`Bill of Materials` smart button at the top of
the screen, then click :guilabel:`Create` on the :guilabel:`Bill of Materials` page to configure a
new Bill of Materials for the product. Doing so reveals a blank Bill of Materials form.

On the blank Bill of Materials form, add the components used to manufacture the product under the
:guilabel:`Components` tab. In the along with the :guilabel:`Operations` tab, add operations
required for the manufacturing workflow, by clicking :guilabel:`Add a line`, and entering in the
necessary information in the :guilabel:`Create Operations` pop-up.

Then, click :guilabel:`Save & Close` to save and return to the Bill of Materials form, or
:guilabel:`Save & New` to save and immediately create another operation on a fresh
:guilabel:`Create Operations` pop-up.

Lastly, when all necessary configurations are complete, click :guilabel:`Save` to save the Bill of
Materials.
```

> Fulfill a Sales Order using the MTO route
> =========================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fulfill sales order with MTO route
==================================
```

> Fulfill a Sales Order using the MTO route
> =========================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fulfill sales order with MTO route
==================================
```

> After configuring a product to use the MTO route, a replenishment order will be created for it every
> time a Sales Order including the product is confirmed. The type of order created depends on the
> second route selected in addition to MTO. For example, if *Buy* was the second route
> selected, then a Purchase Order will be created upon confirmation of a Sales Order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After configuring a product to use the MTO route, a replenishment order is created for it every
time a Sales Order including that specific product is confirmed. The type of order created depends
on the second route selected, in addition to MTO.

For example, if *Buy* was the second route selected on the product form, then a Purchase Order is
created upon confirmation of a Sales Order.
```

.. important::

>    When the MTO route is enabled for a product, a replenishment order will always be created upon
>    confirmation of a Sales Order. This is the case even if there is enough stock of the product on
>    hand to fulfill the Sales Order without buying or manufacturing additional units of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When the MTO route is enabled for a product, a Replenishment Order is always created upon
   confirmation of a Sales Order. This is the case even if there is enough stock of the product
   on-hand to fulfill the Sales Order, without buying or manufacturing additional units of it.
```

> While the MTO route can be used in unison with a variety of other routes, the *Buy* route
> will be used as the example for this workflow. Begin by navigating to the :guilabel:`Sales` app,
> then click :guilabel:`Create` to create a new Quotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the MTO route can be used in unison with a variety of other routes, the *Buy* route
is used as the example for this workflow. Begin by navigating to the :menuselection:`Sales` app,
then click :guilabel:`Create`, which reveals a blank Quotation form.
```

> Add a :guilabel:`Customer` to the Quotation, then click :guilabel:`Add a product` under the
> :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab and enter a product that has been configured to use the MTO and Buy
> routes. Click :guilabel:`Confirm` and the Quotation will be turned into a Sales Order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the blank Quotation form, add a :guilabel:`Customer`, then click :guilabel:`Add a product` under
the :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab, and enter a product that has been configured to use the *MTO* and
*Buy* routes. Then, click :guilabel:`Confirm`, and the Quotation is turned into a Sales Order.
```

> A :guilabel:`Purchase` smart button will now appear in the top right corner of the Sales Order.
> Click it to be taken to the associated Request for Quotation. Click :guilabel:`Confirm Order` to
> confirm the Request for Quotation and turn it into a Purchase Order. A green :guilabel:`Receive
> Products` button will now appear at the top of the Purchase Order. Once the products are received,
> click it to register them into inventory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A :guilabel:`Purchase` smart button appears in the top-right corner of the Sales Order. Clicking it
reveals the Request for Quotation associated with that specific Sales Order.

Click :guilabel:`Confirm Order` to confirm the Request for Quotation, and turn it into a Purchase
Order. Doing so reveals a green :guilabel:`Receive Products` button at the top of the Purchase
Order. Click that button once the products are received to register them into inventory.
```

> Return to the Sales Order by clicking the SO breadcrumb or by navigating to :menuselection:`Sales
> --> Orders --> Orders` and selecting the Sales Order. Click the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button in
> the top right of the order to be taken to the delivery order. Once the products have been shipped to
> the customer, click :guilabel:`Validate` to confirm the delivery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return to the Sales Order by clicking the :guilabel:`SO` breadcrumb, or by navigating to
:menuselection:`Sales app --> Orders --> Orders` and selecting the desired Sales Order.

Then, click the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button in the top-right of the order to be taken to the
Delivery Order. Once the products have been shipped to the customer, click :guilabel:`Validate` to
confirm the delivery.
```

   :align: center
   :alt: Select the MTO route and a second route on the Inventory tab.

If the product is purchased from a vendor to fulfill sales orders, enable the :guilabel:`Can be
Purchased` checkbox under the product name. Doing so makes the :guilabel:`Purchase` tab appear
alongside the other settings tabs below.

Select the :guilabel:`Purchase` tab and specify a :guilabel:`Vendor` and the :guilabel:`Price` they
sell the product for.

.. image:: mto/specify-vendor.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enable "Can be Purchased" and specify a vendor.

If the product is manufactured, click the :guilabel:`Bill of Materials` smart button at the top of
the screen, then click :guilabel:`Create` on the :guilabel:`Bill of Materials` page to configure a
new Bill of Materials for the product.

On the blank Bill of Materials form, add the components used to manufacture the product on the
:guilabel:`Components` tab, along with the operations required for the manufacturing workflow on the
:guilabel:`Operations` tab.

Finally, click :guilabel:`Save` to save the Bill of Materials.

Fulfill a Sales Order using the MTO route
=========================================

> After configuring a product to use the MTO route, a replenishment order is created for it every time
> a Sales Order including the product is confirmed. The type of order created depends on the second
> route selected in addition to MTO.

Reviewer 2: Adding abbreviations and no caps on _sales order_
```suggestion
After configuring a product to use the |MTO| route, a replenishment order is created for it every
time a sales order including the product is confirmed. The type of order created depends on the
second route selected in addition to |MTO|.
```

> For example, if *Buy* was the second route selected, then a Purchase Order is created upon
> confirmation of a Sales Order.

Reviewer 2: Remove caps
```suggestion
For example, if *Buy* was the second route selected, then a purchase order is created upon
confirmation of a sales order.
```

========================
Replenish on order (MTO)
========================

> .. |MTO| replace:: :abbr:`MTO (make to order)`
> .. |RFQ| replace:: :abbr:`RFQ (request for quotation)`
> .. |BOM| replace:: :abbr:`BOM (bill of materials)`

Reviewer 3: This is how we've been formatting the capitalization of these acronyms.
```suggestion
.. |MTO| replace:: :abbr:`MTO (Make to Order)`
.. |RFQ| replace:: :abbr:`RFQ (Request for Quotation)`
.. |BOM| replace:: :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)`
```

   for it (buy it, manufacture it, etc.).

.. image:: mto/select-routes.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Select the MTO route and a second route on the Inventory tab.

If the product is purchased from a vendor to fulfill sales orders, enable the :guilabel:`Can be
Purchased` checkbox under the product name. Doing so makes the :guilabel:`Purchase` tab appear
alongside the other settings tabs below.

Select the :guilabel:`Purchase` tab and specify a :guilabel:`Vendor` and the :guilabel:`Price` they
sell the product for.

.. image:: mto/specify-vendor.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enable "Can be Purchased" and specify a vendor.

If the product is manufactured, make sure that it has a bill of materials (BOM) configured for it.
To do so, click the :guilabel:`Bill of Materials` smart button at the top of the screen, then click
:guilabel:`Create` on the :guilabel:`Bill of Materials` page to configure a new |BOM| for the
product.

On the blank |BOM| form, add the components used to manufacture the product on the
:guilabel:`Components` tab, along with the operations required for the manufacturing workflow on the
:guilabel:`Operations` tab.

Finally, click :guilabel:`Save` to save the |BOM|.

> Fulfill a Sales Order using the MTO route

Reviewer 2: No caps needed on _sales order_
```suggestion
Fulfill a sales order using the MTO route
```
